add system metadata plugins release info (#941)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/reference/document/metadata/plugins/li-system-boolean.md

---
title: li-system-boolean
type: metadata-plugins
menus:
  reference:
    parent: Metadata Plugins List
summary: A simple Boolean value store as system metadata, represented in the UI with a checkbox which you can toggle on/off.
support:
  document: true
  media: false
  include: false
  creationFlow: false
  pushMessage: false
  tableDashboard: true
  displayFilter: false
  searchIndexing: true
  systemMetadata: true
  planningSystem: false
  webhookConditions: true
description: |

>   A simple Boolean value store, almost identical to `li-boolean`, but as system metadata (does not increase document version).

Reviewer: The document version still gets incremented. Just the revision is not touched and therefore it will still show that the most recent version is published.

```suggestion
  A simple Boolean value store, almost identical to `li-boolean`, but as system metadata (does not indicate a draft content change).
```

Author: @marcbachmann I think I copied this over from `li-system-text`. Should we change it there too?

Reviewer: yes 🙃
